Update domain-analysis.md (#4485)
MicrosoftDocs/architecture-center: docs/microservices/model/domain-analysis.md

# Using domain analysis to model microservices

> One of the biggest challenges of microservices is to define the boundaries of individual services. The general rule is that a service should do "one thing" &mdash; but putting that rule into practice requires careful thought. There is no mechanical process that will produce the "right" design. You have to think deeply about your business domain, requirements, architecture characteristics (also known as non-functional requirements) and goals. Otherwise, you can end up with a haphazard design that exhibits some undesirable characteristics, such as hidden dependencies between services, tight coupling, or poorly designed interfaces. This article shows a domain-driven approach to designing microservices. Note that finding the right level of service boundary is a continuous effort: architects have to continuously iterate their component designs with programmers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the biggest challenges of microservices is to define the boundaries of individual services. The general rule is that a service should do "one thing" &mdash; but putting that rule into practice requires careful thought. There is no mechanical process that will produce the "right" design. You have to think deeply about your business domain, requirements, architecture characteristics (also known as non-functional requirements), and goals. Otherwise, you can end up with a haphazard design that exhibits some undesirable characteristics, such as hidden dependencies between services, tight coupling, or poorly designed interfaces. This article shows a domain-driven approach to designing microservices. Evaluating service boundaries is an ongoing effort on evolving workloads. Sometimes the evaluation results in redefined definitions of existing boundaries requiring additional application development to accommodate the changes.
```

This article uses a drone delivery service as a running example. You can read more about the scenario and the corresponding reference implementation [here](../design/index.yml).

## Introduction

> Microservices should be designed around business capabilities, not horizontal layers such as data access or messaging. In addition, they should have loose coupling and high functional cohesion. Microservices are *loosely coupled* if you can change one service without requiring other services to be updated at the same time. A microservice is *cohesive* if it has a single, well-defined purpose, such as managing user accounts or tracking delivery history. A service should encapsulate domain knowledge and abstract that knowledge from clients. For example, a client should be able to schedule a drone without knowing the details of the scheduling algorithm or how the drone fleet is managed. Architecture characteristics have to be defined for each microservice to match its domain concerns, rather than being defined for the entire system. For example, a customer-facing microservice may need to have performance, availability, fault tolerance, security, testability and agility. But a backend microservice may need to have only fault tolerance and security. Note that, if microservices have synchronous communications with each other, they become entangled and need to share the same architecture characteristics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microservices should be designed around business capabilities, not horizontal layers such as data access or messaging. In addition, they should have loose coupling and high functional cohesion. Microservices are *loosely coupled* if you can change one service without requiring other services to be updated at the same time. A microservice is *cohesive* if it has a single, well-defined purpose, such as managing user accounts or tracking delivery history. A service should encapsulate domain knowledge and abstract that knowledge from clients. For example, a client should be able to schedule a drone without knowing the details of the scheduling algorithm or how the drone fleet is managed. Architecture characteristics have to be defined for each microservice to match its domain concerns, rather than being defined for the entire system. For example, a customer-facing microservice may need to have performance, availability, fault tolerance, security, testability and agility. A backend microservice may need to have only fault tolerance and security. If microservices have synchronous communications with each other, the dependency between them often produces the need to share the same architecture characteristics.
```

> Microservices should be designed around business capabilities, not horizontal layers such as data access or messaging. In addition, they should have loose coupling and high functional cohesion. Microservices are *loosely coupled* if you can change one service without requiring other services to be updated at the same time. A microservice is *cohesive* if it has a single, well-defined purpose, such as managing user accounts or tracking delivery history. A service should encapsulate domain knowledge and abstract that knowledge from clients. For example, a client should be able to schedule a drone without knowing the details of the scheduling algorithm or how the drone fleet is managed. Architecture characteristics have to be defined for each microservice to match its domain concerns, rather than being defined for the entire system. For example, a customer-facing microservice may need to have performance, availability, fault tolerance, security, testability and agility. A backend microservice may need to have only fault tolerance and security. If microservices have synchronous communications with each other, the dependency between them often produces the need to share the same architecture characteristics.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Microservices should be designed around business capabilities, not horizontal layers such as data access or messaging. In addition, they should have loose coupling and high functional cohesion. Microservices are *loosely coupled* if you can change one service without requiring other services to be updated at the same time. A microservice is *cohesive* if it has a single, well-defined purpose, such as managing user accounts or tracking delivery history. A service should encapsulate domain knowledge and abstract that knowledge from clients. For example, a client should be able to schedule a drone without knowing the details of the scheduling algorithm or how the drone fleet is managed. Architecture characteristics have to be defined for each microservice to match its domain concerns, rather than being defined for the entire system. For example, a customer-facing microservice may need to have performance, availability, fault tolerance, security, testability, and agility. A backend microservice may need to have only fault tolerance and security. If microservices have synchronous communications with each other, the dependency between them often produces the need to share the same architecture characteristics.
```
